# Covid-19-Vaccine-Hesitation-Analyzer
Concerns, conspiracies, and misinformation regarding COVID-19 vaccines are not widely addressed in mainstream media; however they are very much discussed online and on social media. The issue with this is that health information seems especially prone to misinformation (Guess et al. 2020), and it is well documented that social media platforms are notorious for spreading misleading medical information (Burki 2020; Radzikowski et al. 2016). Research from McGill University suggests that the best way to stop this spread is to address these concerns and potential misinformation; however it is not trivial to quantify which topics are the most common or urgent. The goal of the Vaccine Hesitation Analyzer (VHA) was to use Machine Learning in order to give insight into the trending themes and topics regarding vaccine hesitation on the Twitter platform, so that medical professionals can decide which topics to prioritize in terms of addressing them to the public. After using the principles of Unsupervised Machine Learning and Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) to analyze tweets that pertain to vaccine hesitation, the most common reason for vaccine hesitation at the time of writing appears to be the belief that natural immunity is effective and safer than the vaccine. Other popular reasons include the fear of potentially dangerous side-effects from the vaccine, and distrust in the government due to the lack of freedom regarding the choice of taking the vaccine.
